Document how to use a custom Shiki theme (#1749)
withastro/docs: src/pages/en/guides/markdown-content.md

};
```

#### Adding your own theme

> Instead of using a predefined theme from Shiki's module, you can provide a path to a custom theme saved in your public folder:
> 
> ```js title="astro.config.mjs"
> // Example 'ayu-dark' saved as public/custom-themes/ayudark.json
> theme: './custom-themes/ayu-dark.json',
> ```

Reviewer: Thanks for kicking this off @nujovich and thanks for investigating further @kevinzunigacuellar!

I think we can update this as follows. There’s no requirement for the imported file to be in a specific directory, so just showing it imported from the root directory in the example.

````suggestion
Instead of using one of Shiki’s predefined themes, you can import a custom theme from a local file.

```js title="astro.config.mjs"
import { defineConfig } from 'astro/config';
import customTheme from './my-shiki-theme.json';

export default defineConfig({
  markdown: {
    shikiConfig: { theme: customTheme },
  },
});
```
````

It is also possible to import a theme defined in a JS or TypeScript module, but as themes seem to be generally distributed as JSON, I think just showing a JSON example like this makes sense.

Reviewer 2: I think this is a great solution! And I think that means this is now ready for docs, @nujovich!  🥳 

Thanks so much for this helpful contribution, and welcome to Team Docs as a first-time contributor!

};
```

#### Adding your own theme

Astro supports also relative paths for your Shiki themes. You can either use a predefined theme from Shiki's module like the example above, or you can provide a relative path to your custom theme. Just update 'theme' with the information of your path and you're done!

```js
// astro.config.mjs
// Provide a relative path to your theme here
// Example 'ayu-dark' saved as custom-themes/ayu-dark.json in public folder
theme: './custom-themes/ayu-dark.json',
```

> We also suggest [diving into their theme documentation](https://github.com/shikijs/shiki/blob/main/docs/themes.md#loading-theme) to explore more about themes, light vs dark mode toggles, or styling via CSS variables.

Author: I'll make a test and let you know!
